Amina shamak alfi is struggling to raise
her children in this overcrowded Tent
City in
Rafa Israeli soldiers arrested her
husband during a forced evacuation from
Gaza
City I was walking with my brothers then
my husband told me to stay with them
while he walked behind with my father
later my father told me Israeli soldiers
took him I was crying and people said
that they arrested him completely naked
I don't have any money Soldier took all
our IDs and important
documents Israel's blockade on food
medicine and fuel entering Gaza has made
it difficult to survive in the
camp I want to feed the girls and their
father is not here he used to provide
everything for them we are dying of
hunger poverty and everything there's no
shampoo to wash their hair look at
what's happened to them with infections
because of dirt and filth wor than
seeing her children sick and hungry is
not knowing whether her husband is
alive it's been 55 days and I know
nothing about him I want the Red Cross
to bring us news about him is he alive
or dead I only want to know about him
and be reassured Amina is taking on the
role of bread winner
reluctantly our lives have completely
changed since their father left I'm no
longer capable of raising them without
him I want him to be the one to raise
them and stand by my side to support me
he is my
support Israeli bombing has continued in
Rafa where Palestinians are meant to be
safe yet more and more displaced
families are streaming into camps each
of them carrying their own loss and
uncertain about what the future holds
Barbara Anda
aler make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer